the girl before Darren is crying say
that say what I said again uh we've
heard about abandoned bridge California
we're gonna go jump off of it
so good all right let's go all right and
the 1930s the US government started
blindly investing in infrastructure as
an attempt to create jobs in the midst
of the Great Depression but what few
people put into that at the time many of
these investments would be left unused
hidden in the mountains of Southern
California six miles away from the
nearest road the bridge to nowhere after
being left abandoned and forgotten for
decades it now serves as a destination
for some of the most unique and
breathtaking bungee-jumping in the world
so what's going to happen is for usual
these guys are gonna pass out right here
hi one of the only ones of the license
left the drones away every time
I'll see if we can lift it yeah that's
what no you guys are the wrong place
you know a defense obstacle
still the same still like canyons like
why would you ever build a bridge you
wonder if the workers that did it were
just like what the hell reduce this one
if it snaps you you're dead no 100%
there doesn't think you've died you felt
during tense dude I'll hesitate
Oh harness was around my crush so it
kind of pulled a couple times I'm going
down and like ah damn it it's going to
happen again